So do you live in Copenhagen, do you live far from this place?

Around 5, No, is it, 9? **9 km**? 

Okay. And how did you come here today?

With the **car**. 

Okay. And how long was it, approximately? Like 10 minutes, a bit more? 

Yeah, **15 minutes**. 

Okay, nice. And how often do you come here?

We've been here. Now, what was it? Like, a couple of times? Yeah, I've been eating here *here as in Amager*. Yeah, it's a really nice place as well. We have been in the cinema cinemas also really good and it's one of your colleagues that recommended the I like it. And at the harbour we've been here two weeks ago. And now today as well now that the weathers so nice. It's so nice. 

And how long do you usually stay when you come here?

It's six hours. Yeah. Because we come early. We're here until afternoon. 

And do you ever swim? 

Yeah, **we have been two times in the water.**

Yeah, yeah, that's nice. And you guys usually have like lunch or something as well?

Exactly. 

Yeah. 

Nice. Are there any other waterfronts like this near to where you live? *1"15*

Yes, there was **Damhusseon**. But no one, no one swims there. **We have a lake and no one swims there.** 

What's the lake called? 

Damhusseon, **but no one can swim there. It's just next to where we live**. And I think, here, 
 and maybe the one in the city. There's Kroyers Plads. There is also Bryggen. but we don't normally go there. But we usually come here.
 
It's quite recent this one, like before it was construction?

And yeah, exactly, that's so pretty new, but yeah, it's very nice.

And do you think places like this where you can swim and sit is important for the city? 

Yeah, yeah. Definitely. Especially now when the weather is nice, that's really nice to have it. We also say it's new, but for **a couple of years ago, there was only two or three places to go  and somehow it became crowded and at those other places you can drink, you can play high music, you can smoke and all that stuff.**
**So when all those things in combination come together, there that can happen a lot of  things but when you are here, everything is like calm and there's nothing like yeah. 
It's still crowded but you know, you can you can actually have a conversation here without being disturbed. And also it's very nice that you can just go like for a walk here but also just shops and everything. So you really settle when you come here, like you don't need anything. I mean that's why you can stay here for a long time. But also just shops and everything. So you really settle when you come here, like you don't need anything. I mean that's why you can stay here for a long time.

And what kind of people do you think usually come here? 

I think it's a lot of young people I see here but also like families and I stay also kids coming here and having friends I think it's very like a broad group of people. Yeah. 
Also tourists. **We also met a couple of tourists last time we're here. So yeah, it's very popular**.

Do you meet a lot of people when you come here?

**It's usually him starting conversations, I am not that I'm a person, but yeah, he likes to talk. So, yeah, but it's very easy to talk to people. Everyone is having a good time as I just relaxing. So yeah, you can't start a conversation with and that's nice.** 

And when do you think makes a place like this nice, what are the elements, like physical elements or non-physical elements?  What do you like about this place?

We actually talked about it, like in this harbour, we were talking about harbour or the sea, I told her like **I started preferring harbours because you can just jump into the water and then you are inside it and it's yeah, in the sea you need to go inside slowly and all that stuff.** Yeah that's one of the things I like.
Also there's no like sand so it doesnt get like messy fast here. **Here you can ust sit here, you can go into the water and  that's it. And also I like that bridge, things to jump, and yeah, also make it a bit fun, not just, you know so it's not only swimming.** 
And some other material things. I don't know if I can share but like there's a shopping centre here. Another shopping centre, LIdle, where you can go and buy everything you want. Usually when you are at a sea, is nothing is around, it's almost hard to find a toilet. 

And did you ever any experience any issues at the waterfront? Either here or other waterfronts that you've been to?

No, **usually people behave**.

So there's never been any like problems or barriers that made you not able to come if you wanted?

No like so far, no we haven't experienced anything.

And you usually come on weekends or do you also come during the week? 

No weekends when we have free times. 

And within the city of Copenhagen, are there any waterfronts that you avoid going to? 

Yeah, **Islands Brygge. I will say we don't, we actually never go there because just, it feels very crowded and I don't  feel like you, I don't know, it's just not fun**, I don't know why.
**Maybe its also because it was like the first harbours there was actually made. So we have been there like we're over it. we want to try something new.** 

And my last question, is if you if the city of Copenhagen came and talked to you and asked you  what would you do to about waterfronts to make them better and to improve them, what would you tell the city?

Maybe I would, like, because right now there is no **stairs**, some people like need to go in between you know, when you're lying down or when you're sitting. I don't know I think its very nice so far, they did good.
eah, but it's also like don't use it that much. During summer, right? 

Would you use it more if it was closer to your house or that doesn't matter for you? 

No I don't think so.
Maybe make it bigger because there are so many people Apparently very popular. Yeah so more people can be here 
Just thinking like oh that's that would be for another time. Like I should actually sleep on it. Think about it.

Yeah. That's fine though. There's nothing obvious. I guess that's a good sign.