00:02

So first of all, do you live in Copenhagen? 

No, No. 

Where do you live In Austria? 

Actually, I just moved last week from Vienna to Copenhagen. So are you here on holiday or yes? 

Okay, that's nice. And so when neighbourhood are you staying in while you're here?

near the train station

00:25

So what are you doing here today? 

Well enjoying the nice weather and the sea front

Why did you choose this sea front in particular. 

It was rather by chance, we rented the bikes here. 

So you just saw it and decided to stayed

Yes yes.

So you came here by bike. And how long did it take you to cycle?

20 minutes or something like that? We took, You know enjoying a little the center so maybe a little bit longer. 

And are you planning on swimming? 

I already did

What did you think of the water?

It was actually quite warm.  i was expecting it to be cold. I don't like so much the sea grass. But those ones to come from from downstairs, they really grab you

And so, how would you describe this place?

Nice, incredibly nice. Yeah its completely relaxing? So that's really, really cool.

Are there any specific elements that you think are particularly attractive to you? 

**Yeah these dunes, you know with the grass because that's quite typical I think for this region and don't have it in the south or somewhere else.**

**I also like that you can go everywhere to bike. With the bicycle and just stop everywhere. It seems you don't have to care so much that somebody steals your bike.**

02:05

So, maybe not in Copenhagen, but where you live are there any waterfronts like this near neighbourhood? Maybe not like this [the sea], but lakes or rivers that you can go to and swim in?

Well, in vienna we have the Danube, there's an island. So yeah also nice but it's it's of course far away from  the beach here with the sand. 

Do you ever visit the Danube? 

**Yeah. Yeah sometimes yeah *[sounds not so enthusiastic]*. I don't live so close to it so it's I wouldn't go there for the weekend.**

02:45

Yeah. I think it's a bit further than this. Yeah, I really have to want to go. 

**Yeah it's cool here because it also was the bicycle, you know, it's very quick and easy to go here. Don't have to stop it there. I mean, yes, there's also traffic lights, but they change so fast so it don't stop for ages.**
**Also there's big bicycle roads here, so it's cool.** 

Yeah, I agree. And do you think places like this are important for the city? 

Absolutely. Absolutely.

Why?

It gives you so much, you know. **Relax for the weekend so you can really, it's like, holidays**, it's so close to the city but don't see this *[often]*. It's it's cool. 

And do you think the way that you use this kind of space has changed over time?

*[Understood the question as whether peopl ein general have changed behaviours]*
Yeah might be, it I don't know if maybe more people move here than the city comes closer so I don't know. 

And do you think is it important to you that this kind of space exists near to where you live?

**It would be great, yeah, like that's I think what they did in Vienna was a really good idea. Also for the people there because they can relax. You can go bicycle, swim if you like, and so yeah.** 

And what do you think about the infrastructure and the services around here, on the beach? Like, for example, the the platforms there or the ice cream or toilets, or any of the infrastructure you have, what do you think?

**I think it's good. It's not too much. Yeah, because if you, you know if you have a single bar everywhere, music all over the place, it wouldn't be so relaxing and it's maybe more party or something like this.**

04:38

And what kind of people do you think come here?

Everyone. That's a good news thing. Yeah, there is really great mix. You see young people, and the families. I think it's it's great.

And  have you ever experienced any barriers or problems that made you unable to come to a space?

04:57

No

And are there any like spaces that you avoid nearby Vienna?

05:17

Hmmm... no I don't think so. **I mean, if it's too crowded, I would leave**. This is, I think here it's because it's big. It's also a lot of people but it's not so crowded, you know?

And my last question, if the city of Copenhagen came to talk to you and asked you in your opinion, what they could do to make this space better, to improve it? What would you recommend them

Cut the sea grass.
I don't know, what they could do to improve the place. No idea. Yeah, it's really cool because just with the bicycle, you can go for drink. You have to also the toilets here. We also saw where you can get drinking water because that's also that nice you don't always have to go to a bar to get something to drink.

06:36

Yeah, Yeah, great. Well those are all my questions. Thank you so much. Enjoy your the rest of your holiday and the rest of your time at the beach