00:00

So first of all, you guys live in Copenhagen. 

Yes 

What neighbourhood do you live in?

Central

And how long have you been living in Copenhagen for? 

I would say about 6 to 7 years.

And so what are you guys doing here today?

Just enjoying ourselves at the beach.

00:23

 Have you guys been swimming? 
 
 Not yet we just arrived. 
 
 And do you often come here?
 
Yeah, I think we've been here like three times this year.

And when you come here, how long do you usually stay? 

**We stay about 5 hours. Yeah, 5 hours.**

00:39

Nice and besides swimming, what else do you guys do When you're here?

**We lay in the sun, and we don't really do that much actually.**

Do you come only on the weekend, or do you also come during the week? 

I think this summer It's been like both, because we both have vacation.

01:00

And how did you travel to come here? 

By bike.

And how long did it take? 

About  15 minutes.

And how would you describe this beach?

**I think it's nice because it's so big. So you don't have to be so close to other people.**
Yeah, that's yeah. That's kind of nice. Otherwise, it's just the closest beach

And are there any other kind of harbours or baths nearer to where you live? 

**Yeah, I live close to Havnevigen.** So thats one right there.

Do you go there ever?

Sometimes, but if it's the whole day we prefer to go to the beach. Yeah,  there's too many people close to each other.

So it's more crowded there than here? And what do you think about the infrastructure and the services that are around here?

02:08

I think its nice.
**Oh we just talked about there's not enough like trash cans**. Mmm, people trash cans, it's kind of weird, that you have to carry your trash all around. Otherwise yeah its nice.

And do you think what our fronts like this are important for the city? 

**Yes, I think it's nice to have the opportunity to do something like this, but I also think it's nice that it's possible to do in the city. Both things are very charming. It's nice to have both.** 

And what is most important to you here? Is that the water is at the air? Is it the nature, the atmosphere? 

It's just nice to stay by th water, and that there's space

What kind of people come here?

02:59

I think it's very mixed. That's also kind of funny, everybody comes in but I don't really think we have a preference about the people

And is it is a different to the groups of people who go to the areas near to where you live? Or are there some group people who go to certain waterfronts and Copenhagen versus others?

**I definitely think it is a bit different but like, it doesn't really matter too much for us. I just think it's because in the city, it's so crowded. I feel like today it would be too crowded. I feeli that today it will be hard to find your place or something like that.
So we just, yeah. Enjoy our space.**

Yeah, that's nice. And so what do you what do you think are specific things  that make this space or a waterfront attractive to you?

What do you think? Yeah, **I think because it's big**. Yeah. It's just out in the nature. We have a lot of space.

**Yeah. We have different things, like, I don't know what the grass is called English. *[wild grasses on dunes]*  And its close to where we live. When you go to Svanemolle its also crowded. You can't lay in the sand, I mean you can but its so crowded so its no fun.**

And did you ever have any problems or barriers to actually going to a waterfront, like any unpleasant experiences?

No, not really.

04:42

If the city of Copenhagen were to come and ask you in your opinion, what could they do to improve this space? What would you recommend them?

**More trash cans. Yeah, that's the only thing I would say. Of course it would be nice to have more food close by but it's like, it doesn't matter. I think that's fine and its not that important. And there transportation is fine as well.**
**It's just nice that they made a place where there's so much space, the beach is kind of big.** 

And what do you think about the places that don't have the beach where you just jump off from a platform? Do you like those?

05:26

**Yeah, I think, I think that's charming as well. But it's just like, it's more fun to do on the weekdays when there's not as many people. 
That's what we like about this place, we really didn't come before the summer. I hadn't been here before the summer at all, but It's been like one of the only place we went. So nice and spacious.**
