00:00

Do you guys live in Copenhagen.

Yeah

How long have you here.

And when neighbourhood do you live in?

Islands Brygge. 

And how did you come here today?

By bike

And how long did it take you approximately? 

15 minutes. 

And how often do you come to this space?

00:25

Actually, not that often eating. This is the first time. 

And how long do you stay when you're here? 

3-4 hours, I think 4 hours.

And would you do when you come here? 

Just relax and jump into the water. 

What do you think about the water quality?

00:50

Pretty good. 

You don't mind the seaweed?

Could be a little less. 

And are there spaces like this or, you know, like harbour baths near to where you live? 

Harbour bath yeah

And do you ever go there?

Actually also not that often because it's very crowded.

01:10

So do you think spaces like this are important for the city?

Yes, very important. 

Like, in what way, what does it mean to you to have this kind of space that you can go to?

01:27

**I think it's just nice that you can get away from the, from the city and go out and enjoy the nice weather. It'd be able to go to the beach like this.** 

And do you wish that Harbor baths were a bit more similar to this? 

**No, I just wish that they would increase the area.
Because I think it's very limited So it gets very crowded.** 

And thinking about this place, how would you describe it?

02:03

I don't know, I'm not sure I understand the question. 

Like, how would you describe this place including like the physical and elements the social elements like the beach. 

I think a beach volleyball place place would be, like an add-on. I know we have it down there.
But one where you can directly get into the water could be nice
 I don't know how describe. I think it has to almost everything you could ultimately wish for, you have the water, sand, people, you have good vibes. So I think it pretty awesome.

And do you think there's a certain kind of people who come here or how would you describe the people who come here? 

Look around yo.  I think you find everything. Kids, adults, teenagers, Danes, expats, pretty much everything. Yeah.

03:06

And is that similar for their harbour bath near where you guys live? 

Yeah but I think the majority, there is younger people. In 20s I think. I think probably not many families. 

And what elements are important for you When you go near the water, what do you look out for?

03:40

Am I looking for anything?  I don't think I am, are you?
No, but I like that Its not that crowded actually that we don't lie on top of each other and I like that the water is pretty shallow and clear.

And have you ever had any bad experiences or unpleasant experiences in any of the waterfronts and Copenhagen?

04:13

**No, I think no. I mean, I haven't really liked experience anything negative or bad experience.  But I think like, especially if islands brygge, I think it's getting pretty too wild. Teenagers and young adults are  having too much of a party gong towards escalation.And the amount of rubbish, there's lots of trash.**
I think here its pretty clean.

And do you think the way people experience this waterfront or other ones in Copenhagen, does it change based on like gender age, ethnicity, class, or other personal factors like that.

05:12

I don't know. 

And last question is imagine that the city of Copenhagen came to you and asked you in your opinion? What could be done to improve this area? What would you what would you tell them? 

**Can it be improved?**
**They could do they could remove the seaweed, But I actually think they did a pretty good job because you have to toilet and things to eat and ice cream, and like located all the way down in different areas. I think that's nice that it's not just in one area. Actually the beach is pretty well done.**