00:00

Do you guys live in Copenhagen? 

Yeah. 

How long have you lived here? 

All my life.
Since I was 18.

And what neighbourhood do you live in?

Christianshavn. 

How far is that from here?

Its the center of Copenhagen, 2km I think.

How did you come here today? 

By car.

How long did it take you? 

Too long1 because of the traffic, like a quarter, 15 minutes?

And how often do you usually come here?

Not so often, where we live  we have the possibility to take a swim. In the harbour. 

And when you come here, how long do you usually stay?

One hour? 

And what do you usually like to do when you come here?

Swimming. 

What do you think about the water?

01:13

**Today, it didn't feel so clean I think**

There's a lot of seaweed. Isn't usually not like that?

**I didn't think about it last time. The last time there was, it was 14 days ago. It was kind of oily on the surface like**

And what do you think is a difference between, for example, this space and the space where you can swim in the harbour next to your house? 

**Here you stay a little longer, in the harbour you go and you swim and you just go home. So it's nice to relax.**

01:49

Yeah and is it important to you that there are spaces like this where you can see the water and access the water near to where you live?

Yeah. 

What does it mean to you? Why is this important? 

**It's like when even if you're not on holiday you feel a little like you're not holiday.**
**So it's like a holiday break in the everyday. In the normal working day it's like a good break.** 

And how would you describe this place? 

I think it's nice and **cosy**. I like that the **feminists with children and older people and younger people**

So there is a specific type of people who come here do you think?

02:36

I don't think so, I think it's very mixed. 

And is that true for all the spaces in Copenhagen, where you can go into the water? 

**If you go to the north, like Hellerup, then it's very rich. So it's like, it's another ambience This is more relaxed. 

What do you think is important for waterfronts to have?

03:04

The cafe. It's like, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. 
There's a little too many stones in the sand that's not very... You find better places for that. That could be nice here. 

And do you think the infrastructure and the services? What do you think about those?

03:26

I think it's nice. You can take the metro as well, so everything is just like yeah I think it's only 20 years old, the beach here. Because it's artificial it was built. 

Okay, is that true for Amager, is it quite new? 

No, only the beach.

03:52

And has your opinio and your view on the waterfronts and the harbour baths in Copenhagen changed over time? because you've been here for your whole life. 

Yeah. 

In what way has it changed?

04:07

**When, when I was a kid, you couldn't jump in the water in the harbour.** Okay, it's like 10 years from now it started that they make these areas where you can take a swim and where they check the water every day that it's clean. And so, they have new screen lights. [the green/red lights for swimming safety]

04:22

You can have a swim, at red light you can't. I think it's 10 years ago they started up all this. Okay. That's quite recent. Yeah, so when I was a kid you could go to swimming, at Amager, but it wasn't like this, it was like messy and yeah, this is actually quite recent that they cleaned it. 

It's not a long time ago, that you've been able to swim here. 
And do you ever experience any problems or barriers that meant You couldn't go to the beach or the waterfront? Or did you ever have any unpleasant experiences? 

**No. At the harbour there's a lot of, in the night, we like to go to swimming in the night, and there's a lot of young people partying, so of course you go another place. 
Its is like very high music and drunk people. Yeah, they have their places and other people go other places, so its not a big problem.** 

Yeah. So, you can share, you can share the spaces. It's nice. And do you think the way people experience the waterfronts at our harbours changes based on your age, or your gender or your background, or things like this?

05:43

**I think that people who think that it makes a lot of, in the harbours, there's a lot of garbage because people are partying**. So if you come in the morning, you can see that there's a lot of things too clean up, so maybe some people think that it's too much.
I know there's people who think that's' too much, and there's loud music as well. 

Mm-hmm. And are there any water funds or harbours that you avoid going to?

No, I've never tried... a lot of them that we have never tried. That's just the easiest place to go to.

06:25

And if the city of Copenhagen were to come and talk to you and ask you in your opinion, what could they do to improve this space? What would you tell them?

06:44

**Cleaning. Maybe yeah more cleaning. And also I saw there was the lifeguard, he's not there all the time. He only comes when there's a lot of people. It opens at six o'clock in the morning until 7 in the evening. And he's only there for I think 12 o'clock to 6.
So when we are there, he is not. And I would like that there is someone looking after it.** 

Yeah, it was okay. It's a good point. I guess you're not alone today, but if you're alone it's even more important. 