00:01

How often do you come to this place? This. Yeah. But Yeah

Its actually the first in the couple of years we've been here. I think it's my favourite beach but that's also if **I just want to go swimming then it's easier to go to Islands Brygge** or something for a short tip. But if I have to go here for the whole day then yeah, okay.

00:26

And how long do you think you're gonna stay here today? 

Maybe a couple hours? Yeah, I think we have been here for like one hour, an hour and maybe a couple of hours more or something. Three four hours in total.

And how did you get here from home? 

By bike.

And how long did it take you? Approximately

Half an hour.

And, what do you usually like to do when you come to this, waterfronts or other places like this, by the water in Copenhagen, would you usually do something? 

We go swimming, it's also nice to lay down, like, enjoying the sun 

And what do you think about the water quality?

01:08

Here its fine. That's a bit of **seaweed**, but it doesn't really matter. And like, the ground was nice. There's not too many **stones**. And it's not like you have to go 100 meters so you can be a bit more, anything. 

Yeah. Yeah. I think it's actually quite shallow for a long time. Like I see people kind of far and they're still standing.

01:30

Yeah. But it's not like its so far. 

And other any other places like this nearer to where you live?

Hmm, there's a beach near Valby and Svanemollen, but its so small so I prefer going here to really lay side by side. there is more space.

So you don't really go to those places?

Sometimes, but it depends if I have friends in Osterbro when they want to go to Svanemollen then and then okay, I'll join you, but I would prefer going here.

02:06

Okay, and the places near our house, can you walk to them or not really? 

**Yeah, I think it would take five minutes by bike or maybe twenty minutes walking. So if I only like, when I'm coming home from working, and I think okay I need to go swimming then I would choose that one.**  *(think this is svanemolle)*

And how would you describe this beach here?

02:32

I think its really nice, **there's a lot of space**. And there's also **this water area and then there's also the one where I think it's better for the children and so on to go swimming.** 
So, I think it's a good mix. Mm-hmm for everybody. It's really cosy.

02:50

And what do you think about the furniture here? Like the services and infrastructure.

I haven't really thought about that, but I think that's a good thing. And its **easy to go there, I like that there's also a small a small shop where you can buy ice cream.** 

And do you think places like this are important for the city?

03:15

Yeah. definitely.

In what way, like what does this kind of place mean to you? Like the way you live and things like this.

I**t means that I... it's a get away. Yeah, and that's one of the things I like about Copenhagen. You can go to the beach even though I live in the city and it only takes me half an hour to go here by bike. But also, if I lived closer to a beach, then I know a lot of people like five minutes from Svanemolle or other place, I really think its good.**

And has the way you've used or come to places like this, not just this one, but any one in Copenhagen changed over time, as you changed?

I think I always used my bike going there. **I know that when the metro came I think people are using that to go to all the places like here. Yeah, I think most people bike in a way if they live in Copenhagen. But I think it would be, it's much easier for us now going by metro when the metro came.**

04:35

What specific elements do you find most attractive when you come to the water or waterfront? 

**I think it's nice that you have a beach you can lie on. But also going in the water. I also think it's nice that you can just leave your stuff and don't like think about people stealing it or anything.**
Yeah, I don't know. **I just like beaches**.

And did you ever have any bad experiences at the waterfront either here or anywhere else in Copenhagen? 

Not really, I mean at **Islands Brygge where people are so close so you get annoyed by them in the smoking or hearing loud music or something like that.** But directly this does make me getting annoyed. 

And do you think a certain group of people goes to certain places, to certain beaches or like harbour baths in Copenhagen?

Yeah I think its really popular for young people to go to Islands Brygge and hear loud music, stuff like that, but otherwise no.  I haven't thought about it.

And what kind of people do you think come to this beach?

05:59
I htink its a good mix of everyone. I think usually in the families but all team young people, and yeah bit of everything.

You said I assume there is no waterfront and Copenhagen that you avoid or like any beaches or thing that you think you would not go there for any reason.

No, I haven't really thought about that.

And if the mayor of Copenhagen were to come and say, what do you think I could do to make this place better, what would you say? 

**Maybe remove the garbage people leave, I also heard them talking about if you're allowed to smoke. I mean it maybe it's not a problem here but yeah I know in the small beaches where is it so close to each other and it's a bit annoying with people smoking you don't.** 
I saw they have these ash trays, that's a really good idea but in general people if they don't use it then it doesn't matter.

But is it a lot to smoke here or no? 

Yeah, I think, I haven't seen anyone doing it, but I think I have seen the ash trays somewhere.
Maybe this one *(Amager Beach I think)*, because you're was so far away from each other, I mean in Islands Brygge the next one would be here *(right next to the person)*

And do think there's any barriers or problems that people could face coming to the waterfronts?

So like problems if they..

Like if there's any barriers or any things that like either personal or physical like stops people from coming?

No, I don't think so.
I think I made it somewhere for people in the wheelchair too. You can and quite easy to get around biking.  So I think it's really friendly.
