00:00

First of all, do you live in Copenhagen? 

Yeah we do

What neighbourhood do you live in?

I live in Søborg. And she list in Nordvest.

Okay, nice. And how did you get here today? 

By bike. 

And how long did it take you? 

15 minutes? 

Okay, that's not so long. And you often come to this place.

00:22

Yeah when the weather is nice.

Like once a week more or less?

during the summer, it's like yeah once a week.

And when you come, how long do you usually stay here? 

Couple hours depends on the weather 

And what do you usually do? When you're here and the ocean

Sunbathing and bathing in the ocean.

And are there any other places in your neighbourhood?

yeah on the Amager strand and in Svanemolle.

Okay, nice And do you ever go to this places? Yeah. 

And what kind of events environment do you usually prefer When you go to the waterfront?

We prefer *[???]* or Amager.

Why?

I don't know  its just there's not so many people and yeah its just nicer out there. Its a bit further away.

01:15

Are you willing to travel to a place that's further away because you like it more? Or do you prefer going to a place? That's really close to you to where you live? 

We could travel a bit for the way, also by car if its really nice.

01:29
And how would you describe in your own words? This place this waterfront. 

Well, the Danish word is hygge. Yes, cosy and nice.

And do you think places like this are important for the city? 

Yeah, very important.

Why? 

**Because we're living in a big city with many people, especially in the heatways, it can be crowded and yeah, you need some space where you can breathe and relax.**

02:03

Yeah, that's true. And what do you think about like the infrastructure in the services around here?

I think its okay. Well, there's a metro that goes right here and the trains as well. So we just prefer biking.

What type of activities you would say usually happen here?

Only swimming, w'ere not that sporty. 

Are there people who are sporty who come here?

Not here but  maybe here on the beaches.

And what elements do you think make a space like this attractive? 

**I think it's important that they're people can through out their garbage.
And like the security is realised, and there's the bridges we can go out and swim. We only go in if there's like these ladders we can climb.**

And would you say that there's certain groups of people who go to certain waterfronts and Copenhagen? 

**No, I think it's everyone.**

And did you ever experience any issues going to a place or being in a place like this? 

No I've never no.

And do you think things like age or gender or background could influence people who comes and who doesn't come to the waterfronts? 

No I don't think that, no.

Are there any waterfronts that you avoid in Copenhagen?

No, no, we go to all the places, yeah.

My last question is if the city of Copenhagen came in, talk to you and ask you, what do you think they could do to make this space? Better to improve it? Would you recommend them? 

They could make it bigger, because it is crowded on a day like this.
So yeah, maybe the swimming area could be bigger.

And do you think there's enough of these places in the city? 

**It could be more but I don't know where they put it, so.** 

Okay, then those are all my questions. So thank you so much and enjoy the rest of your time here.

04:27

Thank you.