00:00

I'm so first of all, do you live in Copenhagen? 

Yeah I do

When neighbourhood do you live in? 

Osterbro

Okay. Nice. And how did you come here today? 

By car.

and how long did it take you approximately? 

10 minutes?

Okay that's quite quick. Nice and how often do you come to this space?

00:20

Pretty often. Just these days. I've been there like past three or four days. 

Oh, nice. And how long do you usually stay when you're here ?

Maybe  four hours?

And would you like to do when you come to this spot? 

Just relax, or swim or chill with friends


Can you do this kind of thing anywhere else? 

Yeah anywhere else like this or like the beach.

Are there particular spots that you like?

Nyhavn, Islands brygge, Frederickplads *?near nyhaven?*.

And are there any other places like this near to where you live? 

I mean probably Svanemolle, but it's probably the same amount of distance.

Do you ever go there?
01:19

I used to go there like a couple years ago, but not anymore. 

Why not? 

I don't know, I just find this other place better. 

Okay. So, what do you think makes this kind of place attractive?

I don't know. **It's different vibe.** 

So you Like when there's more people when there is more people, its more lively ?And in your opinion, do you think there is certain groups of people who go to certain waterfronts and Copenhagen?

01:43

I mean, right here *[this side of Nordhavn, to the left looking at the water]*  I feel like there's more children and like young people, and that side *[the right side when looking at the water]* there's grown ups and adults. The other places I go to it's probably mostly adults. 

So you think that adults is better than a family and older people.

Yes i think so.

And how would you describe this place in your own words?

02:08

I don't know, relaxing. I don't really, I just come here for the sun, not really for the place, and just for the sun.

Do you come here as well in winter?

No.

just when it's warm. And do you think this kind of places important for the city? 


Yeah, it makes people come together, like yeah its just like a place for everyone to be.

Andd has your opinion waterfronts changed over time?

02:41

Hmm no I don't think so.

That's nice. And is it important to that places like this exists in your neighbourhood? 

Not know, just  Copenhagen is small anyway, so you can bike anywhere and take the public transport. It's easy to go everywhere. 

So you're willing to travel to go into a place that you like.

03:03

Yeah, unless its just like one hour.

And thinking about like the infrastructure and the services that are here or in other places that you might go in the water. What do you look for? What do you think is important?

Probably and area to swim or the stairs, where you can jump off

03:29

And did you ever experience any issues when you wanted to come to a place or when you were at a place like this? 

**Maybe that that is to packed, too many people. There is not enough place for everyone. We have to wait for people to go away and then yeah, take that spot**.

03:44

So besides crowdedness, are there any problems or various that make you unable to come to a place? 

Yeah, maybe if there's too many children here

And are there in Copenhagen any waterfronts that you avoid going to?

No.

04:06

And and my last question would be if the city of Copenhagen came and talked to you and asked you in your opinion what they could do to make this space better to improve it what would you say to them? 

**Maybe if they allow people to play music or do anything else like a party outside.**

You can't play music here?

**No you're not allowed to. Maybe like very, very low. Like if you could play more loud music it will bring other people together. So it's like I have like a small party**

And then the evening even at night you can't play music?

04:46

Yeah. 

But are there any other places at the water where you can play music in Copenhagen?

No, I don't think so. Maybe the beach probably because it's more a  house, like there's people living. 
