00:00

so first of all, do you live in Copenhagen? 

Yes. 

And when neighbourhood do you live in?

Osterbro

And how did you guys get here today? 

By bike. 

And how long did it take you approximately? 

Well, I came from work. So if you're asking me specifically, cause we're a group of people here.
Yeah, so that's like we live about, it takes about 15 minutes, 10, 15 minutes to bike here.

And how often do you come to this area? 

Actually, very rarely. This is the first time I've been here for... In this area we walk but the swimming and stuff is not something we do regularly.

And are there any other spots like this near to where you live? 

There is Svanemolle beach if we're thinking of water.

And so what kind of activities do you come to do with the waterfront? 

So usually just jumping on the water but **it's actually more often that we use the area to walk, you know? Just to go for a walk**

This area specifically you mean?

 Yeah, I think it's because it's an interesting part of town that's been developed being for the last 10, 15 years. So we've done watched it grow. 

What do you think in what way are these spaces important for the city?

01:28

Well, it's kind of fun because, you know, we know that this part of town has been well, **I think it gives a nice recreational area for the young people to gather.** **It's also kind of gives you a feeling that you're part of a cool city atmosphere that's coming down here. I know that's been kind of conflicts with the neighbours in terms of, like all the kids hanging out, you know?**

**But you know, I think it's really important to have an identity of like, to feel like your cities gives you a place to hang out young person especially.** Also as a 50-year-old guy like myself. 

Yeah true and what kind of people do you think would come here usually?

Yeah but it's like I'm I'm impressed by how many beautiful young people there are here you know? 

Yeah. And in your words. How would you describe this place? 

**I think I would describe it in this English words of it be kind of happening**, **at a day like today, it's joyful.
It's also a very energetic, you know, I wouldn't call it relaxing.** 

Yeah, why not?

**Because, you know, like when I usually think about relax and that's laying at the beach and like, you know, kind of quiet. So, this is kind of, has kind of a party atmosphere about it.**

Yeah. And do you think specific people go to specific waterfronts and Copenhagen? 

**Yeah, I do. I think I've understood that this place is more so for young people. And Svanemolle beach is like this as well but then there's also Amager strand park is more for like children and families, and there's not a whole lot of palces just for the old people.** 
**And it's not a whole lot of places just for the old people.** 

Yeah, and the activities are the things that you do when you're at the water, Can you do that anywhere else in the city?

It depends on what the activity is, you know, if it's just in terms of like going on the Promenade walking around, you know, you can do that along other waterfronts where there are not swimming possibilities.
But there are a lot of different swimming activities and so I associate this with with jumping in the water 

And what do you think about the infrastructure in the services around here?

Yeah but it's great. You know, because you can, you know, maybe biked, my wife walked here, you know? But it's also nice you can hop on the train and be there in no times. You know. And there's us the Metro stations right over here so it's a very **accessible** that way. 

And are there specific elements that you find more attractive when you go to water compared to others?

Well actually, when I came down here today, **I was really impressed by the variety of ways of kind of getting into the water and also enjoying the water**. You know, there's the tracks where people can swim,  so yeah I was kind of impressed by the variety of ways to like enjoy being in the water, you know?

And things that are not important to you?

In terms of this place? I can't really think of anything that way like, you know, in terms of... **No, no, it's everything seems to be kind of like what it needs to be.** There's nothing that I'm missing but just nothing that's kind of extra.
That's I think it's kind of superfluous like, you know, if there was a playground or something heard me like, that's not necessary, but it's it's not like that.

And is there a reason you don't go swimming very often?

**I think it's mostly about time. So I think if I lived closer, I might do it more often, you know? But it takes me to jump on my bike and even though it's only 10 minutes away. It's that makes kind of the difference, I guess.**
If I lived here, I'm sure I jump in the water every day.

Even in the winter? 

Yeah, my wife does that, but I'm not such a winter person, but I wouldn't probably maybe develop that habit. If I lived close to the water.

And are there any waterfronts in Copenhagen that you avoid?

05:35

It depends what you mean by Copenhagen last weekend, we were up **at place called Bellevue Strand, you know, which is also kind of nice but it was really busy in a different way than this, like small families and everybody.
It wasn't it didn't seem so inviting.** Yeah. It well or maybe that's the wrong word but it it seemed **busy in a way that less enjoyable. And this also because the sand and the water wasn't as clean,** it didn't seem to be like you know so but like I don't avoid them.
It's a I guess. Maybe a matter of **preference** you know. Yeah. 

What do you think about the water quality here? 

Yeah, I'm really impressed. You know, it's incredible now and because I've been living with Copenhagen long enough to remember what we didn't swim in these waters.

And do you think people can experience any barriers or problems coming to these spaces? Based on say like age, gender, background. 

Sure, There's also, I mean, Denmark's a very homogeneous society, in  cultural norms, you know, like, in terms of you can see, it's kind of more for the young people. It's also, you look around everybody's like very white, you know?

**And I think when if you go to some other like the beaches I've noticed, it's a gives them more open space or opportunity.  I observed more people with different ethnic backgrounds in places like that compared to the urban. Also, you know, it's also kind of interesting I came in like, you know, Denmark is really good about people, not being so concerned about like exposing their bodies and whatnot, but there's no place to change really here, you know, everybody has to do it right in front of each other, you know, and so, yeah. **

And have recently experienced any issues coming to waterfront? 

No, don't any problems, Sometimes, you can be annoyed by young people and how noisy are but that's what the young people do.

Yeah and last question, what would be if the city of Copenhagen came and talked to you and asked to what in your opinion could be done to improve this area? What would you recommend them? 

Like I think maybe **facilities for changing in bathrooms** and also well, I guess specifically, because I don't know if I would want to encourage more people hanging out here like with benches or chairs or whatever and expanding of the what the water facilities may be, you know, slides for kids or, you know, like making it even more a diverse and inviting because I noticed there's a little children's bath down there but it's it's not it's it's not, there's not a lot to the little kids here, you know.
You know, I also expanding the amount of lanes, you can go swimming and stuff, you know. That's, that's what I think would be an improvements. 

Yeah, thank you those were al my questions, is there anything else about your experience or your pain that you have that you like to tell me?

08:46

But I just think, you know, **it was a beautiful experience today**. You know we come down here and they got all this new buildings. The big setting of this gigantic cruise ship comes sailing by, you know the the ability to be in a natural setting which is watered just the water part of it.
But in the urban setting, it's a, it makes, **it makes me kind of feel like, I feel kind of cool**. Yeah, I feel you a couple days ago. Yeah, and I was talking to people as well just telling me how they like it so natural you have like a bit of grass and sand and everything and then my friends came and they were like yeah I don't find this natural at all.
There's an airport, there's factory as like yeah but it's a city like what the alternative you don't have this and it's so cool that you have this. 

Also those kind of the contrast between those things like swimming in the water and exactly seeing this gigantic voter like seeing aeroplane flying by.

09:32

Yeah. You know it's it's kind of like you know when you start identifying yourself as a person and living in an urban setting you know privileged you are that you can go jump on the water and feel like you're just at a beach even though you're downtown. 

Yeah, I agree.
Cool, thank you so much. Enjoy the rest of your evening at the harbour.