00:00

So inch. That's the first you live in Copenhagen. Yes. What neighbourhood do you live in this one? That's nice. So how I guess you came here by foot. Yeah. And it takes you less than five minutes. You're nice. Listen. 200 metres. 30 metres. Yeah. That's your very lucky. And how often do you come here and depends on the temperature of the water.

00:23

If as this has now is every day, maybe more than once and twice a day. And when you come here, how long do you stay fresh into two hours? Okay. And what kind of things? What kind of activities do you do? Just hub in the water women a little bit around them and yeah, just just go wrong and that I'm not for their for the jump of slimming and you know back and forth.

00:49

Just just a little bit cool down primarily fair enough, join myself. Yeah, relax. Yeah. And is there anywhere else in the city that you can do these kind of things? Oh yeah. We have 234 of them that we never used them because we're so close. It's a lot of convenience just going home when you want to then.

01:08

Come back later again. Yeah yeah so you don't visit any other any other kind of places okay fair enough extremely but I know where they are and some of you with them. Yeah that's and how would you describe this place? Awesome. Yeah. Yeah why I think it's awesome because the view this the skyline.

01:27

I think it's awesome. Yeah. And what do you think about the infrastructure in the service is around here? It because, you know, when you live so close, you don't really think about infrastructure. But one infrastructure I think I'm very pleased is there's a solid. It's not that I use it very often.

01:44

But sometimes when you have to pee I mean it's you can do it very quickly and it's clean and it's functional. So yeah, that's good. Yeah. And what elements when you're at the waterfronts, do you find very attractive? The chocolate thing is and that you can just lay down here and I hate Sam.

02:02

So for me, it's better. And then actually one of my favourite thing is that the temperature here is always to a three degrees higher, and if you go to the open sea, I was thinking, actually, it feels more, it's a big advantage when you live in Denmark, because we never really have really hot sea water.

02:19

So it's a huge difference if it's 1920 or it's 24. Mm. So for that reason I'm very pleased that the world is a clean that you actually can swim into instead and as far as the atmosphere goes, do you look for specific type of atmosphere when you go to the waterfront?

02:34

No, No again, because I live so close, so it's not for me. I guess a fair question and that respect that I will always pick this one but I think it's the best one we have in the harbour. Yeah, she asked me, I have this in the other ones.

02:48

I seen some guy, for example, it sounds really good. I've heard about but I haven't swam there. I've been to Amiga which is very different as well. It's a proper beach. It's, yeah, if I should pick a new place to live in the harbour, and it will be the same here.

03:03

My favourite place. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's the most coasty one. It's like, little business, you know. Yeah, it's true. And and do you think this kind of places are important for the city? Why? Because it's good for the out living life. It's actually now they're building a facility over there.

03:25

If you're familiar with that, I didn't know you've laid on. You can go and have a look. They're gonna make a place with the kayaking and a lot of physical activities. I think it's important. I think it's, it's very important in extremely important and what kind of people do think come to this place?

03:43

Usually but this it's very it's primarily adult and very small among children. It's all the young people living over aciding over there. Yeah, that's true. That's where you go. And you're young and one of me new ones, so it's actually a very nice balance because there's always space here on this.

04:04

So I think this for the kids there for the little more dollars for the very for the youngsters in that I think is perfect. And as far as all the places to swim in Copenhagen go do you think a specific type of people go? So certain. Yeah, front water funds.

04:18

Like what's the young very young with a really hip? Once that's really wants to have a nice place where you could be looked at and you can look on they'll go into Eastlands. But so in that respect it's it's like a hidden place still. Yeah actually don't hope it will be too much marketing because then it will be a market because then it'll be crowded here.

04:40

So I think I said nice balance and is it mostly people who live here who come to some here? Do you think? Yeah yeah we know all maybe yeah I have the feeling that maybe 30% is coming from neighbours from within three or four five kilometres we can see when it's summertime is not car common park.

05:02

So yeah, people coming from outside but a lot of them who we meet, you know, let's because that's been quite a lot of people here. So and are there any waterfronts and Copenhagen that you avoid going to? So, you know, how you have experience, any issues when you are at a place like this?

05:21

That's good. And there is no problems or barriers that would make you unable or prevent you from going to a place. When you wanted to, I feel safe that there that the community is have focused on this place like that and they're constantly measuring the water quality so that you feel safe that.

05:41

I mean that is healthy into the water and also that they have a cruise on. Oh yeah. The electricity. Yeah. So Philips. Yeah, I think I think actually that I'm just like to go down. I think it's amazing that we have a place like this for free. Of course we pay it's through our tax.

06:03

But so, so we never go to the speeds in summertime because is all beach. Yeah. Your own favourite Not totally private part. Yeah, an exclusive. Yes, True. And do you think people have different ages or different genders or different backgrounds would have would have could experience any issues coming to waterfronts.

06:26

I think we have all kinds young old. Mm-hmm. It's all kids different races. Yeah. This summer, our particular I had a lot of fungus. Yeah. With this and update speaking Danish. I think that's cool as well so they can see how it is. Yeah. Maybe it's because they're a lot of people that native speaking things people I don't know or maybe it's tourists who has Airbnb and then go down and swim could be also the case.

06:54

Yeah. People I use studying. Yes. And is it important to you that these places exist close to where you live? Yeah. Convenience is everything. It's like when you buy an apartment, it's location. Okay. Yeah. It's very important and I think it will be a shame and we have such a nice harbour if we don't have facilities like that.

07:19

For instance we take that area over there. I think it's a shame that there's not a baiting zone because It's very dangerous. Now, you can see somebody swimming there and no matter what they can say, you cannot, but they want to do it anyway. So it's stupidity not to make zones so it could be safe for the people and for the caption on the boat.

07:41

Yeah, true. But there is more in Copenhagen because it's quite recent, there's more and more coming or that have so much ten years. They want to be there. Yeah, they swimming there. So I don't think it could be any go down here in the end. There's also baiting. So and I cannot see a property in making them as well.

08:01

Yeah, yeah, I mean it's just a rope and then some lines so no big deal so that I think it's a shame. Well I think this leads in well into my next question which is if a city of Copenhagen came in, talk to you and ask you what they could do in your opinion to improve this area.

08:15

What would you be established more fading zones where the popular places are because they're gonna be popular nobody what they decide? Yeah. So unless they want to close down. Yeah, the seedings areas there may not be few buffing illegal and they cannot stop it. So it's I think it's better to legalise these areas.

08:37

I think actually they're doing a big mistake, not doing it. I think they should take action here. It's it's actually those them who are not doing the job. Probably I think because it's gonna happen. Anyhow, that's true. So you have to make it safe because they're not gonna stop them.

08:58

Yeah, unless you place two policemen, they don't jump in, that's gonna be expensive. So, yeah, that's my opinion. No, that's a good point. Yeah, I hope. Yeah, Yeah. That's where those are all my questions. Is there anything that I didn't ask you about about the waterfronts that you, you want to tell me or you could ask me if I wanted to be bigger.

09:20

Yeah. Would you wish to expand it a little bit? Yeah, it should be possible to because the more people use it, I mean, there's still some space. You could, You could actually, I think that the adult zone could be bigger and also, for the small ones, I think actually over there.

09:38

That's often very crowded Maybe two months crowded. Yeah. Well maybe it doesn't matter because small kids like to be closed, I don't know. Yeah, I've actually think it's a huge success. So, and it should not, especially not be a huge investment to maybe make it 50% bigger. Yeah, that's a good point.

09:57

Okay. I think actually compared to Sunkai which I know best. Okay. Yeah. Did you know what? I don't know if I'm pronouncing it, right. Like, it's kind of on the north where Sunkai, it's east of here because this is the end of the house. No, no. It's north of North and Copenhagen near Estoro.

10:15

Okay you don't you know what else to here? It's here actually it's like here sun. It spelt s a n. D k, a g Sunkai. Yeah. Certain kind of, I had no power, I haven't. Yeah, but I've seen pictures that there's a little war going on between really residents people and because there's so many people want to come there.

10:40

So it's it's a kind of overcrowded area as I think I've heard yeah that 100% sure. So I don't know how that is. Yeah. Actually I think the bathing area is a bit bigger and they have like specifically for swimming back and forth. But yes this like the wooden areas is super crowded and to walk down to the water.

10:59

You have to walk on people's towels and it's actually it's really, really busy. So you can a bit in some compare with Eastland's program because those are two places which are extremely popular as that's my experience and there are some capacity issues and there's also some issues about how, you know, in a lot of people are together and you get some fears and it's sunny and, you know, the hormones are running.

11:27

I mean, it's a little bit out of control but they do anyhow. Yeah. So it's just those, those intense area, they probably should they, I think they need to hire some people to, to make sure that law at all in place because otherwise you will get it in content and in trouble with those who are living there.

11:49

So, you have to find a balance. Yeah, where everything can take place in a, in a, in a way, that's for those who lifts it every day and cope with it. That's what those who come when it's very nice, whether it's maybe one, four months, four weeks in a year or maybe six weeks.

12:05

Yeah. Also should be able to have a good time so we need to find a balance nothing. If they don't stabilise it, this will go out of control and it'll just end up that other you will not be able to do anything. So, you know, so I think it's very important that they staff on and these areas where a lot of people, it's okay.

12:24

Because it's it's it's a thing you say it's a fun theme because it's actually a huge success that the Copenhagen is able to create such a nice areas where people like to go. I think that's a success but sometimes you can be killed in your own success. Yeah, so there's it's definitely look into that.

12:47

I think because it was a huge mistake and a shame. If if it goes out of control. So speed, because I think it's wonderful to feel that we have this. It's not something I see in many victims. No, you're very lucky. Yeah. It's like when you have a capital well enough people are living together and small places.

13:08

It's I think it's extreme important to to find areas where the people can go out and can feel that. I mean New York, Manhattan is not a nice place. Okay, no, it's very little nature. You have a nice park. Now, of course, but if you didn't have that, I mean, it will be awful place.

13:25

I think. Yeah, concrete jungle. Yeah, that was precisely. Yeah. So I think it's important but it's also a big part of the day's cost of that. The, we have a sequenting. We have a architecture. We have this final word so if you are being invested you can just don't.

13:44

Yeah the commune. And and so so I think that's important. Yeah. Thank you from US know, actually I lived in the US but I'm from France. Okay, yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, normally be easy to hear that. Yes, yeah, yeah, I was lucky because I was there when I was very young.

14:05

Okay, so maybe in US. Yeah, one of my first experience was actually that you can go through a very nice resident area and then suddenly there was industry area to humans laid off. There's a resident area. Yeah, so I think we and I think it's the same in French, that they're very fortunate that.

14:23

We think about the way we create. So we say here is the city, here's the industry area. Yeah. So it's not possible to be built a factory in a resident area stuff. Like that is something. Yeah, I think in Europe for more people first, and the yes, it's often like industry first or yeah, you take into listen to accounts people's well-being, or how you could experience everyday life without a car in a city when people can live.

14:46

Yeah, live means. Go to work have nice spare time. Go out and relax find peace. Yeah, just want to sit with your friends. So yeah, stuff like that. You need to have all kinds. And then I think this is and I know I'm born in another city, I know that's it.

15:05

Have also after I think seeing what's happening in coming they created some other things. So so I think it has, I don't know how this this things like this has been in Denmark across maybe in the 1930s but then for a long time it was not something which was created.

15:24

But now it's has been coming. And I've even seen from the city of Copenhagen like a booklet about how to design different seating areas, or different ways to get into the water that other cities could take inspiration from. So I made a wood made of other materials and different shapes and different sizes to suit difference.

15:42

Like city is interesting. You can put into your report. If it's gonna be red by the commune and then you say catches you would like to be a bitter. What is called in the winter? Yeah. And there's a club here because there's a sound mind there. Oh amazing. Yeah.

15:59

Well, you can go in a short tip and then you can go back inside. The funny thing is that for many years, it has been closed for new members. So it seems to me that it's, it's a club but you can only contain 100 members. Yeah. And I think it's a little bit stupid because if your winter barber, you're not gonna spend three hours down here.

16:19

Yeah, yeah, come here, go down. Probably staying the summer for let's say half an hour whatever. Yeah maximum. Yeah, yeah. And then you go again. Yeah. I think it's a bit ridiculous. That they're so hush on your members. How many it's like it's gonna be an exclusive stuff for those who've first.

16:40

Yeah, I think it's not No, not it's not coming immune but those they're the ones who make the facilities available. So they could also have a saying, it's not for the few. It's actually, I mean, it's paid by the government, so it should be. Everyone's been out more accessible.

17:01

Yeah, I think that's the same. So they should, if you ask me, go in and say, okay, you can use this for winter parting, for being one, to make sure that it's open for a certain amount of people not only. Yeah, I think it's the same. Yeah, because go some quick maximum, 30 seconds say and then for sure and then you could, if it was issue how many was in the summer you could maybe you could have a booking system?

17:31

Yeah, yeah. Well, you can say, okay. Now you can have yeah, yeah, that was okay. That's important point. I think, because you have been talking about you, like to, so you're going to try winter amazing. No, no when we go on a sparse sometimes. Yeah, probably tried yourself. You go in plus five, what's 37?

17:59

It's nice. It's nice. Yeah yeah, it's hard. I think you have to do it every week. You have to go into the water until it gets really cold, how they do it and I mean, it's very healthy. Yeah. And So I don't possibly party. Yeah, but this coming in new thing.

18:21

Now, I heard that some boxes, where you can go in for three minutes and and you, they freeze you down to minus 30 something, And that's what fixing it around. You have to go into artists. Okay, I would have the same results. Yeah. Okay, that sounds extreme minus 30 but if it works then, yeah, that's good.

18:44

Talk to a guy. He said he's, it sounds very cold, but it's not feeling that cold. Okay. I mean, if it's just three minutes, maybe, Do you know anything about it? They have any expenses plans here. No, I don't. I love to talk to someone from the commuter from the city, but I haven't yet.

19:02

So I have no idea what their plans are for the same area making this. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I'm doing research about how usable and how equally usable the spaces in the city are but this is really the beginning of my research and focus on places like this are yeah.

19:20

Like Harbor Vets. I also beaches as well. But there'sn't that many cool. I mean, there's maybe 10 to 15 in Copenhagen. Yeah, some. Yeah, I'm not sure if I'll get to all of them, but yeah, you probably go to Amazon. We've been there? Yeah. Yeah, it's a huge place.

19:34

Yes. Yeah, it's nice known establishment once you years ago, okay. Nice. What's it called again? Okay, it's a in the end of Bellevue part. Okay. Yeah. Well people, yeah shoes place where they actually conduct green concerts. Okay? I didn't know about. Check it out. That's the latest one. It's a huge part so interesting.

20:06

Yeah, turns out we went there never went. You had the best place, you know? Yeah, there's 200. Metres from your house moving around. Yes. So I think they should create both these. Yeah. All more swims zones. Yeah. I mean it's not necessary to invest all these money. If you just can, you know, as you probably seen from when you create half areas they have to put a letter.

20:44

Yeah. Yeah. To go in security reasons that people can easily come up and down. Yeah, yeah. So before this came along, he used to, but you could actually get out and easily or yeah.

21:06

Yeah, that's yeah. They have the heaviness forms metals. Yeah, they went everywhere. Let's begin here for 17 years. Now, At the beginning with that wasn't easy to get out of water and that side where all the boats are and it's not that deep. Okay. Right about it. Nice inside.

21:36

Now we live we have a place where we can put canoes in. Mmm. Yeah before. Yeah, earlier we go more often than but now it's nice to lay down a little bit and dry off before you go. Yeah, when you're looking actually because the sun stays here in the evening, it's not like some other places where you're in the after 5pm, you're in the shade.

22:04

You're very lucky. It's all there. Yeah, so so how are you from in French? I'm from Olean. It's like a town. It's an hour. South of Paris. Yeah, you just been to hospital? Oh yeah, nice. Yeah. It's very nice city. Yeah. It's amazing city. Yeah, I've only been there for one day.

22:24

I think so. I don't know it very well, but it was very cute. Yeah, it's coaching. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah. We just been that long, two weeks ago. Three days. Yeah, that's a nice canals as well, but you can swim. Yeah, you know, you can't snow. Oh yeah, I don't know.

22:44

We don't saw anything, but we have them walk by the canal one day and then, yeah, I said to catch a soap. It's so hot. Yeah, those are some couple sitting with the feet. Yeah. So we need to save us so yeah, condition. Yeah. Just be done to cone feel so nice.

23:02

Yeah, that's true. You don't have stuff like this inside. No I mean in Paris the the water is very dirty. Okay, so they have a pool but it's like, yeah, there's a pool. I think it's public. Yeah, it's very cloudy. Yeah. It's very, it's very small. Yeah. So no, we don't have that many.

23:23

Yeah. Golden. The city of a country. Yeah. What is that name? But you can swim now, very because it watches coming in over. You can swim. It's not really that house but it's like they have like actually it's like an island city. Okay, so violence. Yes. So, you connect.

23:57

Yeah. But they don't have like, so, it's very excessive.

24:14

Yeah, it's also mini Venus. It's not, so you're staying here for one semester, or yeah, only until the end of the year. So, I'm kind of sad. It's not very long at all. And I only arrived to one week ago. Okay. So yeah, it's ready. Yeah, the season. Yes.

24:40

And you already in action? Yes, I have no time to waste, sorry, I have no time to waste. Okay. Yeah, you need to go to all the way you have a bathroom this Wednesday. So that's how come you pick them up as a because the student is a good line here to pick or I didn't really choose actually my degree.

24:59

This is like I have to come here. So, okay, listen pop. If you have to go to studying, then urban studies, that's very bad. Why you have? I don't know. So actually my degree is called for cities, every semester is in a different city. So my first was in Brussels, then Vienna now, Copenhagen and the Nexus Madrid, and they just have a partnership with all the universities.

25:21

So, yeah. It's, it's probably a cooperation where they sent the students around. Yeah. So maybe students from chrome making now go to. Yeah. Yeah. And now students are going to Brussels this semester. So yeah, it's always rotating but yeah, yeah yeah it's a it's a really cool program but I think Copenhagen is a great city.

25:41

So I'm really happy that it's, it's on the list, I think. Yeah, I think you. I think it's a good pick for those because it's, it's, it's in many ways. Very much different from other cities. Yeah. For instance, all the biking. Yeah. Wrote. Which you probably noticed. Yeah, I cycle here and on my way, I thought I was going very slow because there was so much bike traffic that I couldn't go very fast.

26:04

And I was like, this is the first time in my life that I had to stop because of bike traffic. Usually there was no traffic. Yeah, there's no bike traffic. Nobody, it's just also that we have a special roads only for bison. Yeah, I don't see that often in other cities.

26:18

No Indiana. You're in between the tram lines, which is very dangerous because you can go inside the tram line. Yeah. Which happens regularly to people, we actually have a guy in our neighbour, who is an expert and creating. Okay. Yeah, just give it to. Yeah, I think that's too much because it's time I went to to second does and implaining as well, and just add to incorporate how to how for them to learn how to divide figurines, because it's a dangerous thing.

26:58

So safety doors the moment. Now, we where that many buy somewhere in the lane. So it's yeah. Definitely. The interesting thing is actually these that these lanes are getting bigger and bigger. Yeah. Yeah. So it means more more people are buying. Yeah, this is also good for the environment and since you guys yesterday for a month Excel, it's good.

27:30

For those who are really actively. Yeah, I'm waiting to see how how many people cycle in the winter? I don't know if that will be me. Okay. I might every day. Yeah, it's a mean of transportation. I nice and big. They tend to think it's more like, a big creature and that the most coconuts, it's, it's a transport.

27:56

So yeah, it just have to do the guided tour doing rush hour. Yeah, because people are going back and forth from me, too. I never take a fight. Yeah, listening weekends. I might do on a Sunday because it's for free In the city. But other than that, rather take my bike easier to park.

28:24

You can never find a parking area. It's very expensive. Many places you can't work by, it's just Wow. Yeah, yeah. So your body yourself electrical spices or no, I have a little bit. Yeah, yeah, it's more expensive. It's twice as expensive I think so. Yeah. It's cheaper to use electric.

29:02

Yes. Non-electric I think is 180 180? Yeah, those around us. A lot of them really thing is, we? I understand it with foreigners on it, but also probably they're gonna so much you spend 180 days class. Yeah, per month. Yeah, that's cheap. Yeah, I think it's okay for four or five minutes.

29:21

Yeah. But still, yeah. But then again, you can just go and take one and leave one. Yeah, so you rent one, you keep it and you can rebate bring it back for repairs. And if you get stolen as long as you have the key to prove that you locked it, you don't.

29:41

I think you pay small fee but you don't pay because you don't have to buy a new bike and now this, yeah. Do you spicy level? Yeah, okay. Yeah, I always had a bike. Yeah, I mean it depends where I think it wrestles it's not very safe to cycle.

29:58

They don't have sweet cycling lanes, not many, at least with the drivers are very bad and there's a lot of drivers so I think it's not so safe. But yeah. When I can I have a bicycle, it's also cheap. Yeah and it brings you around quickly. That's how if you have big distance you have to take it.

30:16

Yeah but okay I mean if your student maybe cars a little bit expensive. Yeah, actually I don't have a driver's licence so I couldn't take a car if I wanted to knowing that you could always take your, I would rather take my bike than taking because it's just disgusting and everybody swears which is nice if you have time.

31:03

Yeah. But I can go in 20 minutes. So yeah, I really take my bike with you. This is a very scenic tool. Yeah. You can fall asleep and miss your stuff and it oh it's a so you can use your metro card to get on the bicycle. Yeah yeah you can use it.

31:22

Then it's you could take. It's free to take your high body to take your bike, extreme as well. Okay. And then to rush our some stations to try and get on with your bike and other than that, I made it to. I don't use public transportation. Yeah, that's what I know.

31:50

They started to do. You can take your bike on the bus as well? Oh, yeah. I'm not sure. It's your feet but it's a we're trying on some and some, some of the lines. Yeah. But I haven't started. Okay, again with distance. Unicorn hangers. Yeah. But when it rains and that the rain raincoat No, but sometimes you miss that one.

32:14

Yeah, news and decided was going to rain or from 3:00. And then, we were going back home and I am when close. I'm just shocked up every water that will bring down and we put on. Yeah, you take the habitus. Yeah, yeah, I think I'm not so scared of the cold, the cold I can do and really start cycling, you get warm, but the rain and when you arrive at work or school, then you're wet and you have to spend a whole day being wet, and you have to wear raincoats yes.

32:47

Now, So what are you aiming for when you are finished with your study? What would you like to? What kind of job would you like to have? Actually, I don't know and it's a, it's an interesting masters because there's no obvious job. You can have afterwards I tried. So yes, any planner you heard for the city you can also wear for private organisations or engineer NGOs that I don't know.

33:09

We can do like building places like this. So yeah, it really doesn't. It's on an obvious path afterwards but actually, before I started my masters, I was a software engineer. So maybe I'll try and combine software engineering and yeah. Yeah we did my best layers first. So yeah, this is my first masters.

33:28

Yeah, I was working before and I got time. Yeah. So I think it was a, it was trying to do that when I did my bachelor's a few years ago so that's what I did. I'm glad I did it. But then I kind of wanted something a bit more social sciences and something more a bit more that way.

33:47

Yeah, we do social planning and then we're here the financial crisis here and then all these jobs would close down. Yeah. So I do something else, but I think a lot of city needs a better situation. I think the city's need people who are less profit driven and more people driven, I feel like a lot of the time, for example, in the US, you have you have places where you can swim, but all of them are privatising or you can't access them even in London now, like, a lot of nice parks to they exist and you can see them but either key to get in, you could so many far if you live in a specific complex and yeah, I think that's just not a nice way to live like here you can, this is free, it's open, it's not private.

34:31

It's public and you just share it, that's political as well. Okay. Yeah, every day compared to space. Yeah. That's a completely. The same thing about things like a lot of the things more. Less the same. Yeah, other things. Not at all. Yeah, And that's, that's interesting. We need to have better citizen in the future.

34:57

It could be also better citizens. Yeah. And it could be a big. I mean, for it could be actually an active for those cities who have the acid is who are finding difficulties to grow. The population are to attract people to their community. So if you have a nice city, it'll be attracting just like marketing is a market.

35:19

Yeah you got a marketing on your city making more interesting place for people to live. Yeah they're at the same time if you make an interesting place so try to others, it makes it a better place for people who already live there. So it's kind of a win-win. Yeah, because that gonna be some changing in the future if the climate is moving on and as it is.

35:39

Yeah, definitely. Yeah. All the trainers in Europe now. It's not so nice. Yeah, especially this summer, you were very lucky to have this. Just in front of your house so you can come in the summer. When and nude bag was 38 degrees. Yeah, say something useful. I have to go abroad, sometimes.

36:07

Yeah. See how other people are living. Yeah, I think the best holidays, when you go, you're excited to go, but you're also excited to come back home. Yeah, I didn't come back home. I just jump in. Yeah, instead of this one nice, and you're gonna have a long holiday if you're gonna move on from the next two years?

36:26

Yeah, yeah. It's all holiday as well as yeah. They don't provide anything. Actually Copenhagen is very stressful because they're so many demand. So much demand and they are many offers, I guess. This is. How much are you willing to pay and yeah, yeah. Containers that

36:57

And they are on the water. Wow. No, I did not see those. It's bannings who make them have to pay, they have to buy them. Yeah, so you're renting a room and yes. Yeah, I'm renting a room with other students who are already living here. It's also nice because friends are a chance to meet others and they're not Danish but they speak English.

37:27

Yeah. I mean it's I mean it's good for you. You can continue and communicate any is because yeah I think yeah it's really. It's also more fun that they are local. Yeah. Because they have a huge friend group. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. And one of them is she's just finishing and she's planning to stay in Denmark.

37:47

So she really knows. Okay. She knows a lot of those been here for years so she knows a lot by the city and so, yeah, it's nice but it's amazing that you are speaking English so well. Yeah. This, we often I realise in France, English and friends. Some good cocktail.

38:04

Yeah, I think maybe they're changing now and trying to teach English at a younger age because we were influence last year and we went to very nice restaurants. Yeah. Young young. Girls. Like, you coming and say, how can we help you and they couldn't speak at worth English. And I think it's a little bit sad for those youngsters young people because they can always be with friends people.

38:29

Yeah, yeah, I mean, I think after and I think that I would never have the opportunities. I have if I didn't speak English. And if I had never moved to the US when I was young, I would have never. I would never be here. Like, I could never do my masters because I wouldn't speak good English.

38:42

And you'll be. So you'll be a isolated to friends, yeah, but I think maybe lost Africa. Yeah, so, friends speaking back also. Yeah, yeah, but I think French people, I hope for the young people that because it will be better than everybody speaks, but it's not the case. And I mean, there's a common language in the world, that's English.

39:05

Yeah. Yeah. Come on this but I think with like maybe social media and just like the world opening up and yeah, I was their internet. People are gonna see that they can live elsewhere and you can only live elsewhere if you learn other languages, if you're learning English, at least.

39:16

So I think maybe now it's beginning to be more, but that's one point. But I still also mean, if you go abroad and yeah, it's just nice. I got very frustrated when I was South friends because just speak the word friend. Yeah. It but it's very frustrating going into a restaurant.

39:31

You're gonna, you know, I mean what is you know, even that even the menu card is and it's called come hidden village and village. It is a division question but it's probably fully good to apply like anything else but it's yeah well that's cool. Copenhagen village. Yeah, I'll check it out and also it's close to no, not yet.

39:58

Okay. It's warm and yes, food. So, reasonable prices. Mm-hmm. For many. This is my boyfriend who's looking for for us but I think it's right. Let's be doing that about whatever he's got anything. So, no, no. He's not telling the same thing, but cheers. I just felt like wondering why my interview lasted so long.

40:30

That's why I should actually go out and go to. Yeah, I hope you could use that. Definitely, that was very, it was very nice and you have really good opinions and you know, all about the area. So thank you so much. Yeah, that's a blessing in a curse and having no.