00:09

Hi, excuse me, You speak English 

Little 

I'm Carla, I'm studying at the University of Copenhagen and I'm doing research on waterfronts in Copenhagen and I was wondering if it could ask you a few questions. 

Yeah 

first you guys live in Copenhagen? 

Yeah 

What neighbourhood do you live?

Norrebro

00:28

And how did you come here today? The train 

nice. How long did it take in minutes? 

I don't know exactly. 

Like more than 10, less than ten?

I think a bit more than 10

Do you come here often? 

I have one hour. 

You stay here for one hour?

I came one hour before.

00:55

Okay, nice and are there any other places like this? You go to and the other ones in the city 

I go. Sometimes I forget the name, somewhere almost the same.

And what do you do when you come here?

You no see what I do?

You sit and enjoy the sun, and drink?

Yeah

And you go swimming?

01:28

Yes. Yeah. 

What do you think about the water quality? 

It's perfect. Only little more salt. 

You want more salt?

No it's more

And how would you describe this this place? 

Like friendly, that's what Svannemolle is. Its better for plage (beach)

And what what kind of people do you usually see here?

01:58

All different people?

Like a mix of everyone?

Yeah. 

And do you think there is a certain type of people who go to certain beaches or baths in Copenhagen compared to here? 

Yeah, I think.

Like what kind?

02:21

I don't know... I'm down. 

That's okay. Okay then two more, only two more questions. Did you ever have any issues coming to a place like this? Like any problems that happened or that you saw? 

No, everything it calm, and ok

And what do you find particularly attractive here?

02:54

I like the sand, to go straight to the water 

Do you come here in the winter.

No, no Only summer.I like to come and see something, like you something beautiful. Yeah. Like you one girls beautiful for see. Yeah, it's not more.

03:27

All right. So then perfect. Thank you. And I hope you have a nice day. Thank you.